tweaking some content around package importing (#273)
merely-useful/merely-useful.github.io: py-development.Rmd

### What is a package? {#py-dev-what-is-a-package}

A package is essentially a few Python scripts in a specific directory structure 
coupled with installation instructions for the computer. Python packages can 

> come in from a few sources.  Note that you will sometimes hear packages refers 

Author: I'd like to keep this more generic to highlight that many packages and modules are built in within python, but you can add more as needed. I've fiddled with the suggestion here if that's ok. Just to add a small piece.

> come in from a few sources.  Many that you will use are part of the standard distribution, but packages can be created by anyone and there are thousands of that can be downloaded and installed from online repositories.  Note that you will sometimes hear packages refers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
come from various sources.  Many that you will use are part of the standard distribution, but packages can be created by anyone and there are thousands of that can be downloaded and installed from online repositories.  Note that you will sometimes hear packages referred 
```
Just two typos and avoid "few" in two sentences in a row.

### Importing packages {#py-dev-importing-packages}

Many of the functions that we use regularly, such as `print()` and `len()` are 
part of Python's Built-in functions. These are the functions that are always avaliable, 
but often our programs will need tools beyond these built-ins. Importing in this 
sense means that you are asking your program to "opt-in" to using that package's content.  
The syntax for importing content is the same for stardand library packages, third 
party packages, and local custom files. The lack of difference in syntax means that 
code can become confusing if you aren't extremely conversant in many of the packages.  
This is where good documentation comes in.

Import statements are generally found at the beginning of script or notebook files.  
Note that many of these examples will talk about importing functions, but there are 
several other types of content that can be imported from a package. 

There are two main ways of importing content:

> 1. Import the entire package via `import <package_name>`, giving you access to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `import <package_name>`: Import the entire package, giving you access to the 
```

package content by way of the package's name. E.g. `<package_name>.<function_name>()`.

> 2. Import just content that you want, but directly into your current namespace via 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `from <package_name> import <function_name>`: Import the entire package, but only define variables for the functions you list explicitly.
```

My understanding is that the entire package is still imported, just that the `foo` variable is not set. From a brief look [this SO answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/21547583/2166823) was the first reference I could find.

> `from <package_name> import <function_name>`. This gives you access to that content 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gives you access to the imported content 
```

without having to specify the package name. E.g. `function_name()`.

> Each of these methods has a way of renaming the package or content name to shorten 

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is already covered below where we talk about how to use `as`. If you there are some aspects that are missing, could you add them at the respective locations below?

Author: I was trying more to preview that it was an option for both.  Would "As described in later sections with the `as` keyword, each of these methods has a way of..." make more sense here?

> it or in case there are multiple with the same name and you need to avoid namespace clashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it or in case there are multiple with the same name and you need to avoid namespace clashes. 
This is done using the `as` keyword, which is described in detail later in this chapter.
```

letters, try it! When you start getting familiar with typing function names,
you will notice that this is often faster than looking for functions in menus.

> The `import <package_name>` syntax is the most common and generic method of importing 

Reviewer: Isn't this covered by the two bullets you added above or are you thinking about additional ways of importing?

Author: No, I think I added that first before the other section and didn't remember to remove it.  It can be deleted (I don't know how in this view).

> packages, but there are several other ways to do this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

np.mean([1, 2, 3])
```

> Using this syntax makes `numpy` not defined within that code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this syntax makes the variable `numpy` not defined in the current namespace. 
```

Note to self that I am not sure if we have introduced namesspaces at this point, but maybe this is something to sort out during an edit round of the entire novice material.

Hmm
